Alex was really tired yesterday but he decided to go out with his friends and
have fun instead of studying. He had a test the next day and was tired of 
getting bad grades even after he studied for a long time. So, instead of 
continuing to study, he decided to spend some time having fun and actually 
relaxing. 

For a while, they just roamed about the streets of Cityville, looking for something
interesting to do with their new-found free time. As they approach a local arcade,
they hear a quiet voice coming from an alleyway to the right, leading behind the building.
"Hey, guys. Shouldn't you kids be studying for your exams?", asks a man crouching behind
a dumpster, wearing a trench coat and Adam-Jensen-esque shades. "Here's a little free
sample for ya. You know where to find me if you want more." He gives a wink and vanishes
into the shadows of the alleyway, leaving behind a colourful metal canister. Alex
cautiously approaches it and grabs it. "INTELLICO(tm) SPRAY-ON KNOWLEDGE", it reads.

Later that night Alex found himself contemplating whether he made the right choice in 
not studying for his exam.  Frustrated with his lack of confidence in doing well on his 
exam the next day, he took the canister the old man had given him earlier in the day and 
sprayed it all over his body.  "Now I'll do great on these exams!" Proclaimed Alex.  
After the exams, he found he got A's on every single one.  "The spray actually works" 
Alex thought.  After finding the empty can from the trash to look into buying more,
he found that the label on the can was glued on, underneath reading, "For Men Body Spray".
"I can get good grades on exams!" Said Alex.

From that day on Alex decided to only buy "For Men Body Spray" as he now 
understood the true power of knowledge, while also keeeping the orignal 
canister always close by as a reminder.
Alex decided to not study for the upcoming midterms as he had his trusty "For 
Men Body Spray", after recieving his midterms back he was devasted to see that 
he failed them all.  He started to sob, Alex was so upset that he failed that 
he picked up the original can and tears rolled down his face onto the can.  
When Alex finally stopped crying he saw that the label on the can had fallen 
off revealing a different label underneath, "Old Spice".
